player_name	text
Connor McDavid	awards at this year's uh banquet uh quite the honor yeah it's uh it's amazing um you know I'm just just so glad to be here and um it's been a great event and it's been a great weekend so um you know very nice to to win a couple Awards obviously but um you know the true credit is to to all those around me that have helped me get to this point let's go through those Awards uh one by one certainly uh the schol subway in the classroom yeah uh you know obviously education is something that is very important to myself and my family and um you know it's very nice to be recognized as the Scholastic player of the year um I work hard in the classroom but uh you know the true credit again goes to you know the teachers that are always there for me and um you know my guidance counselor uh Miss Avery um she's always uh always there helping me out and um it's a true credit to them secondly uh Jack Link's uh CHL top draft bit more excited uh to hear your name called in June yeah it's going to be very exciting um you know really looking forward to the the combine here next week and uh it's kind of the final step towards uh the NHL draft so uh it's been a long year in anticipation and a lot of the hard work's Gone Gone on this year to try and get ready for that so obviously being recognized as the top dra top draft prospect is uh very nice again um you know it's kind of a position that you you almost dream to be in to be uh you know one of the highest rank uh prospects um heading into the NHL draft and you know whatever happens um I certainly have no regrets it's been uh a great year and then certainly the most prestigious uh individual honor Sports Net CHL player of the year we the red Tilson Trophy winner in the Ontario hockey league but now Nationwide yeah um it's great it's it's a true honor I mean you look at all the great names uh across the country that that play in uh in the CHL and you recognize as uh the player of the year is uh so amazing it's something that you kind of dream of um obviously we're winning the Red TS in the OHL was uh was very nice and um you know that was just a dream come true in itself but uh know go one step further and be recognized across the country is uh so special and lastly I know it's uh the season but uh you came into the CHL as an exceptional player uh played three years with the otter so have you had any time to kind of reflect a little bit on how much you've developed uh you know on and off the ice and just kind of looking back on your experience yeah um the three years have flown by I think that's the common theme of junior hockey and um everyone says it the you know goes by in a blank of an eye and I think that is just because of how much fun you're always having you're always having so much fun with the guys or um you know the coaching staff is always there for you and um you know everyone kind of around you is is always so great and um I met some of the best people uh you know that uh will be friends forever and um you know it's been such a special experience and uh certainly wouldn't
Connor McDavid	Uh I don't know. I mean, uh just looking forward to being around it. I mean, uh it's obviously really exciting to be here. Um I don't know. It's just exciting to be here and be around the guys, I guess, and enjoy this experience. It's kind of cool to be around the Of course. Yeah. I mean, uh, I've never never seen a live Stanley Cup game, so I'm certainly excited for that. Um, obviously this kind of gives you the behind thes scenes look at, you know, what they're what they're doing to get ready and all that kind of stuff. So, um, I just try and uh, soak it all in. Does your mind start to wander and think that this could be you playing in uh, a Um, I don't know. I mean, just that's a little bit far down the road. I mean, I'm just looking forward to the draft and hoping uh obviously uh can can get drafted and um I just hope to play at at some point some. Uh it's pretty hard to pick in a game like this. I mean, you look at the guys, Johnson, Taves, I mean it uh the list goes on and on. So, I'm just excited to see some uh great hockey and obviously I've been watching it on TV and uh looking forward to seeing what it's like Uh I know uh Stam Coach just a bit through uh working out and uh we work out at the same gym, so I know him a bit through that, but um I've never really met any other guys. Do you have any from Sweden, so it's a Uh Matt Sundine, I think just being a a Toronto guy. Um you know, he's kind of a guy that I looked up to obviously being from Toronto and and watched him every Saturday night and uh you know, he's unbelievably did everything right and uh just seemed like a great player. Yeah, it's been crazy. It's been a very busy uh couple of weeks and um but it's exciting. It's where you want to be. It's a position that uh every guy wants to be in and I'm very lucky to to be in that position and uh just looking forward to the next couple of weeks and uh you know ultimately get into the draft. So, what does the rest of your summer probably look like? Cuz I imagine you're Yeah, I mean uh just a lot of training obviously. Um just trying to get bigger, stronger, faster, all that kind of stuff. So, you know, a big summer ahead of me and I need to get uh like I said, impact or what do you think that growing I think uh there's going to be some growing pains for sure. I mean, I don't expect to step right in and uh you know, be uh be that guy, I guess. I mean, um you know, it's a it's a much different league. It's it's going to be a lot harder. So, I'm just looking to do what I can in terms of, uh, you know, getting better and working hard this summer and, um, come in and, uh, try and, uh, you know, make the team if I'm lucky. And, um, if, uh, if that happens, then I Yeah, it was it was fine. I mean, uh, went well. I mean, it was a nice meeting and I know it was cool to get to talk to the guys and see all the guys and um just kind of get to talk to them and and Yeah, I mean it's it's a dream come true like I said. I mean, last week is the combine and um you know, I remember looking back last year just wishing I could be a part of that and um you know, and now all this is happening now and um you know, it's been a whirlwind and um you know, like I said, it's been a dream come true. So, I'm just trying to enjoy the experience and really looking forward to the draft there and couple of Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I met him uh at the combine and kind of hung around and uh you know, obviously uh you know, this trip, we're a little bit closer. So, um it's been good chance to maybe even kind of imagine that I might obviously in the same position. Uh yeah, I think so. I mean, uh they've been through it. They understand the position. So, I mean, whatever advice they have, uh you know, will obviously help.
Connor McDavid	Yeah, it's been exciting. Of course, um you always kind of uh had this uh this date mark on my calendar for a while. Uh you know, the comment is uh become a little bit of a tradition for uh you know, math eligible players. So, it's Yeah. Yeah, I mean this is uh probably the biggest mediest SC I've ever done. So um you know, world juniors included. So uh this has been a big turnout and um I a pretty big deal. So um it's kind of the last step towards that. So, um, it's great to see the the people come out. And Conor, it's one thing watch. Sorry, the draft, do you feel like you are the best player in this draft class? Uh, that's not up for me to decide. Um, you know, I think a lot of people do a lot of talking and and uh, you know, they'll judge uh for their own eyes. Um, you know, I believe in my abilities and that's the main thing. But I feel I'm the best player in the draft. Um, I'm answer from Jack, but um, we'll see. Did the year? Did you watch it? No, not too much. Um, obviously you just got to worry about yourself and and make sure um, you know, you're ready to go each and every night. So, um, I thought I did a pretty good job of, uh, you know, not letting it get to me. Do you welcome the comparisons to Jack, though? You welcome years to come. Yeah, I think uh, we'll at least. Um, you know, it's uh been is beginning to change? I mean, this is this scrum, this is probably not going to be the last time you have a scrum of next couple of weeks. Uh, yeah. Um, course. Uh, been dealing with it for a little bit now. And, um, it's something I like doing. It's fun to to do this. And um you know obviously uh I like to play hockey more than than this stuff and um you know it's it's a good problem know at all together this Yeah, I got to know him a little bit better. Um you know it's been interesting obviously uh you've been linked together for so long now. You start to feel like uh you know him and um it was good to finally meet him and get to know him a little bit this combine for you? I mean, if if it hard to read your reaction, so I figured I just ask you about it. I don't know if it was like shock. Yeah, it was more like it was Have you been asked about that? Like it was uh once or twice. twice I've been asked that. So, um yeah, it was more just shock than anything. Uh you know, kind of for a couple years now. It's it's been, you know, you're expecting one thing, you're told one in a whole instant it's not the case. You know what I mean? So, um it was uh an exciting day. Um I was more just shocked than I think. Have you accepted your land? You know, likely land. We'll good. Okay. Um Okay. Um yeah. Um yeah, I mean uh there's nothing to accept. If it's Edmonton, it's great. I mean, I'll be so happy if it's Edmonton. If it's not, then it'll be great as well. I mean, it doesn't really matter. year spent a lot of time around Aaron you learn from that experience and how I obviously am very good friends with Aaron and and both Sams and um it was a lot of fun for me just to kind of follow um of course kind of asked them about their experience and they said obviously come draft time it uh it ramps up a bit and you know they're more than right. So He's unbelievable. His hockey IQ is off the charts. Um, you know, what he's able to do in in terms of finding people with the puck and um, you know, making great passes. Um, you know, it's it's so fun to watch. Um, um, I' I often times find myself just uh, you know, kind of watching them when I'm on the bench and, you know, a guy like that you can always uh, you know, learn some stuff off of. interview process? Uh, all very straightforward. Nothing too uh too Uh, I'm not sure if you you look forward to the the tests, but I mean it's it's it's going to be fun. It's going to be exciting. And um, you know, it's always a new challenge. So, uh, it'll be grateful for that that it's kind of coming to an end here? Uh no. It's something that you kind of want to save or um you only go through the draft process once. Um it's something that uh time now and um you know it's it's going to be obviously so happy when you get drafted, but um you know that's kind of there's no uh no more junior life or or anything like that if I'm lucky enough to to move on.
Connor McDavid	it's here? Uh, a little bit of both to be honest. I mean, looking back, I can't believe how how fast it went, but then you know, a couple of them will play it's been some sometimes it's flying, still, but uh you know, I'm I'm really happy it's it's finally here and um it's you know, my draft year. I know when you whole lot. I mean, uh, grown up a little uh, it's, um, yeah, it's been a great know, happy that, uh, it's finally here know, prove myself to to maybe be the actually think that, you know, the the year has been even greater than than my first to my second. Um, you know, I've I've put on, you know, a little bit of feel I feel really good. So um it's it's certainly a little bit different when I was 15 years old about 510 160 soaking wet. So it's uh it's uh it's it's been a good couple of years. What's your exact height and weight right now? Uh be about 61. We'll say 61 and uh about 190. You've always been a notorious goal setter. You've you've always set very specific goals for yourself. What are your goals for this season? Uh I have a couple personal ones that uh you know I don't think you know you guys need to know about, but I mean obviously one of them would be um it'll be the first overall pick. Um you know play on a don't think Finland was the best team. I would say, you know, they they probably you know, they were they were a great team and that's that's the main thing. They were a team and and uh you know, season. I did notice, however, that after three games, you've got two minor penalties already. You were the three three minor penalties. You're you're uh sportsmanlike player award. Yeah. Yeah. My dad my dad said uh you know he didn't want the sportsman like so he threw it away early I guess but uh just kind of how it works actually they came in all in one game and it was just uh couple bad balances. One was you know just getting a little angry with with the guy and um it happens I guess but um yeah the sportsmanlike comes again it comes again but if not you know it's it's whatever. You've never had a fight in the OHL. What would it take to make Conor McDavid angry enough to drop his gloves? Uh, I don't know. I don't know. Actually, Joel Wigle just had a fight in in a 7-1 game and broke his hand and and he's done for about three months. So, that kind of said made me say, "H maybe maybe fighting is not my thing." But, um, you know, if maybe if uh, you know, someone took, you know, a good run at, you know, one of the younger guys or was taking a good run at me, then, you know,
Connor McDavid	to come out of the draft since Mario Connor uh that's pretty uh that's pretty crazy I mean I don't really know if I deserve that praise or not I mean it's obviously uh very flattering and humbling but um I really haven't done too much it's uh you know I haven't played a game in NHL or anything like that so um there's a lot of work left to be done now I haven't seen you since the uh the draft lottery and a lot of people the draft lottery and I know you've been that a little bit yeah yeah I I mean I don't know why anyone would be disappointed about going to the Edmonton oers I mean look at guys like obviously the the names Wayne Gretzky and you know all the different names it's uh such a historic franchise you were a bit shocked by the whole thing yeah obviously um you know I kind of just you know whatever that that those four balls those four numbers kind of decided to know at least a little bit of Fate for myself and um you know I was certainly in shock I mean I don't really know what to say uh it was uh certainly a crazy time and um I guess uh I guess the reaction was more just shock than anything so Connor uh Gary Roberts designs the summer program for you what to get ready for NHL training camp yeah um you know you look at a guy like Gary and his track record that he's had and and the number of players that he's trained that have been so successful and um you know it's it's a credit to him he's he's so uh you know gifted when it comes to know that off ice training and um you know with him he's not just taking care of your you know in gym he's taking care of your life style and make sure you're eating right you're doing all the right things you're getting enough rest so um you know he really takes care of you and um you know I'm very lucky to to be around guys like that you've played in front of some very emotional fans before but sometimes the no that's actually the first time I've I've ever seen that and um and I I don't really like seeing that that's uh that's dangerous for the players it's dangerous for for everyone involved the refs and um you know even the fans if someone's throwing one from you know the top row and they don't EX have the arm you know it could hit someone up front so um you know you don't like seeing that but obviously the old school uh old school guys may may have seen that but WIS Arena Jeff WIS Arena no I know Todd we know Todd well I mean it was a great course yeah um It's upsetting um but we had a we had a very good run and um you know we have no regress we we uh you know played some very good hockey obviously beating a very good suit team was uh you know I guess uh our kind of OHL Championship for ourselves so um you know ashaa deserves to be here everyone's seen that they've had such a great week and um you're going to see a that they do well to beat you yeah um you know they play uh you know such strong defense and uh you know they're always back they're always above pucks and um you know they're obviously very well coached and they're very disciplined and um you know they score timely goals and um you know you look at the The Upfront guys like Cole castles Michael dcole they've always uh you know been there and um you know they're key guys so are they your pick uh I'm going to stay neutral I I don't team they've been doing great so um some great hockey from you this year it was a pleasure to watch you play Conor thank you so much Conor McDavid uh now forly of the are aor soon to be to Ivan Pro off for the Brandon we Kings
Connor McDavid	Not a goal Jack wi it in overtime I think the combination of my speed and my size um and then just I think I'm a really competitive player uh really like the wins so I think those are my CHS baby I played you know pretty well I thought I needed to certainly be a lot better in the ASA series um but um the ASA is an unbelievable team and they kind of just sat back and played very solid defense and um we kind of just uh they played well against us D Cole with thei D Cole tow Dr stop they score it was 1-1 with six minutes left seven minutes left and in game one and two and they scored and then all of a sudden our whole team including myself was trying to press and score because we know how go how hard goals are to come by and we're pressing and pressing and before you know it's 4-1 51 I think throughout the year I I kind of learned to block out what everyone else is saying and and worry about what my you know my family thinks of me what my teammates think of me mar cuts the M scores think I need to get my strength I think you know I got to make my first three steps more explosive and uh you know separate faster from the opponent terrific passing what was your best game last year I would say against beu at Buu we won 5-2 I was matched up against eel's line he didn't do anything that line didn't do anything we shut him down think what uh what would you do if we wouldn't play hockey I've never thought about that no [Music]
